are these were the men who came to David
at Ziggler while he was still a fugitive
from Seoul the son of Kish and they were
among the mighty men helpers in the war
armed with bows using both the right
hand and the left in hurling stones and
shooting arrows with the bow they were
of Benjamin soles brethren the chief was
a high either been joash the son of
shamaya the Gibeah fight gzl and peel it
the sons of azmuth Baraka and ji-hyun
the anartha fight bish Mya the
Gibeonites a mighty man among the 30 and
over the 30 jeremiah jahaziel
johanan and gaza bird the Khedira fight
a loser
jeremiah the Alaia Shamar aya and chef
attire the haru fight okay none josiah
as RL louisa and Jacobean the kora
heights and Joella and zebediah the sons
of jerome of guido some gadites join
David at the stronghold in the
wilderness mighty man of Valor men
trained for battle who could handle
shield and spear whose faces were like
the faces of lions and were as Swift as
gazelles on the mountains
Iza the first Obadiah the second Alya
the third mich manner the fourth
Jeremiah v @i the sixth alai of the
seven johanan the eighth ELLs a bed the
night Jeremiah the tenth and McBurney
the eleventh these were from the sons of
GAD captains of the army the least was
over a hundred and the greatest was over
a thousand these are the ones who
crossed the Jordan in the first
when it had overflowed all its banks and
they put to flight all those in the
valleys to the east and to the west then
some of the sons of Benjamin and Judah
came to David at the stronghold and
David went out to meet them if you have
come peaceably to me to help me my heart
will be united with you but if to betray
me to my enemies since there is no wrong
in my hands may the god of our fathers
look and bring judgment then the spirit
came upon am a sign chief of the
captains we are yours Oh David we are on
your side or son of Jesse
peace peace to you and peace to your
helpers for your God helps you so David
received them and made them captains of
the troop and some from Manasseh
defected to David when he was going with
the Philistines to battle against Saul
but they did not help them for the Lords
of the Philistines sent him away by
agreement saying he made defect to his
master Saul and endanger our heads when
he went to Ziklag those of Manasseh who
defected to him were Adler Jezebel gdl
Michael jazz' bond
Elihu and Zillah fire captains of the
thousands who were from the NASA and
they helped David against the bands of
Raiders for they were all mighty man of
Valor and they were captains in the army
for at that time they came to David day
by day to help him until it was a great
army like the army of God now these were
the numbers of the divisions that were
equipped for war and came to David at
Hebron to turn over the kingdom of Saul
to him according to the word of the law
of the sons of Judah bearing shield and
spear 6800 armful war of the sons of
Simeon mighty man of Valor fitful war
7100 of the sons of Levi 4,600 jehoiada
the leader of the arrow knights and with
him 3,700 Zedeck a young man a valiant
warrior and from his father's house 22
captains of the sons of Benjamin
relatives of salt 3000 until them the
greatest part of them had remained loyal
to the house of soul of the sons of
Ephraim
20800 mighty man of Valor famous men
throughout their father's house of the
half tribe of Manasseh 18,000 who were
designated by name to come and make
David king of the sons of Issachar who
had understanding of the times to know
what Israel ought to do their Chiefs
were 200 and all their brethren were at
their command of Zebulun there were
fifty thousand who went out to battle
expert in war with all weapons of war
stout-hearted men who could keep ranks
of Naphtali 1000 captains and with them
37,000 with shield and spear of the
Danites who could keep battle formation
28,600 of asha those who could go out to
war able to keep battle formation forty
thousand of the rubra nights and the
gadites and the half tribe of manasseh
from the other side of the Jordan
120,000 armed for battle with every kind
of weapon of war
all these men of war who could keep
racks came to Hebron with a loyal heart
to make David king over all Israel and
all the rest of Israel were of one mind
to make David King and they were there
with David
three days eating and drinking for their
brethren had prepared for
or over those who were near to them from
as far away as esseker and Zebulun and
Naphtali were bringing food on donkeys
and camels on mules and oxen provisions
of flour and cakes of figs and cakes of
raisins wine and oil and oxen and sheep
abundantly for there was joy in Israel
[Music]